Update for signac 2.0 and general cleanup (#183)
glotzerlab/signac-docs: docs/source/tutorial.rst

    # init.py
    import signac

    project = signac.init_project()

    for p in range(1, 10):
        sp = {"p": p, "kT": 1.0, "N": 1000}
        job = project.open_job(sp).init()

The :py:func:`signac.init_project` function initializes the **signac** project in the current working directory by creating a hidden ``.signac`` subdirectory.

> The location of this directory defines the *project root directory*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The location of this directory defines the *project path*.
```

Initially, the ``.signac`` directory will contain the minimal configuration information required to define the project.

.. code:: bash

    ~/ideal_gas_project $ python init.py
    ~/ideal_gas_project $ ls -a
    .               ..              .signac         init.py         workspace
    ~/ideal_gas_project $ ls .signac
    config
    ~/ideal_gas_project $ cat .signac/config
    schema_version = 2

> We can access the project interface from anywhere within and below the root directory by calling the :py:func:`signac.get_project` function, or from outside this directory by providing an explicit path, *e.g.*, ``signac.get_project('~/ideal_gas_project')``.

Reviewer: Will the `~` be automatically expanded? i.e. Do we call `os.path.expanduser`?

Author: Good catch, no we do not. For now let's just remove the `~/` and use an example e.g. `signac.get_project('/path/to/ideal_gas_project/')`

> We can access the project interface from anywhere within and below the root directory by calling the :py:func:`signac.get_project` function, or from outside this directory by providing an explicit path, *e.g.*, ``signac.get_project('~/ideal_gas_project')``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can access the project interface from anywhere within the project path or its subdirectories by calling the :py:func:`signac.get_project` function, or from outside this directory by providing an explicit path, *e.g.*, ``signac.get_project('~/ideal_gas_project')``.
```

------------------------

The core function that **signac** offers is the ability to associate metadata --- for example, a specific set of parameters such as temperature, pressure, and system size --- with a distinct directory on the file system that contains all data related to said metadata.
The :py:meth:`~signac.Project.open_job` method associates the metadata specified as its first argument with a distinct directory, the *job directory*.

> These directories are located in the ``workspace`` subdirectory within the project directory and the directory name is the so-called *job id*.

Reviewer: "so-called" sounds condescending to me.
```suggestion
These directories are located in the ``workspace`` subdirectory within the project directory and the directory name is the *job id*.
```

Each leaf node in the directory tree contains a ``job`` directory, which is a symbolic link to the actual workspace directory:

.. code-block:: bash

    ~/ideal_gas_project $ ls view/p/1
    job

To minimize the directory tree depth, the linked view constructed is the most compact representation of the data space, in the sense that any parameters that do not vary across the entire data space are omitted from the directory tree.
In our example, **signac** detected that the values for *kT* and *N* are constant across all jobs and therefore omitted creating nested subdirectories for them.

.. note::

    Make sure to update the view paths by executing the ``$ signac view`` command (or equivalently with the :py:meth:`~signac.Project.create_linked_view` method) every time you add or remove jobs from your data space.

Interacting with the **signac** project
---------------------------------------

You interact with the **signac** project on the command line using the ``signac`` command.
You can also interact with the project within Python *via* the :py:class:`signac.Project` class.

> You can obtain an instance of that class within the project root directory and all subdirectories with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can obtain an instance of that class within the project path or its subdirectories with:
```

    71855b321a04dd9ee27ce6c9cc0436f4
    # ...

> To iterate oer a subset of jobs, use the :py:meth:`~signac.Project.find_jobs` method in combination with a query expression:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To iterate over a subset of jobs, use the :py:meth:`~signac.Project.find_jobs` method in combination with a query expression:
```

Job.data and Job.stores
-----------------------

The job document is useful for storing small sets of numerical values or textual data.
Text files like JSON are generally unsuitable for large numerical data, however, due to issues with floating point precision as well as sheer file size.

> To support storing such data with **signac**, the job :py:attr:`~signac.contrib.job.Job.data` attribute provides a dict-like interface to an HDF5 file, a much more suitable format for storing large numerical data such as numpy arrays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support storing such data with **signac**, the job :py:attr:`~signac.contrib.job.Job.data` attribute provides a dict-like interface to an HDF5 file, a much more suitable format for storing large numerical data such as NumPy arrays.
```
